GitHub App: post comments on PRs (#12230)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/pull-requests.rst

       GitHub build status reporting

Build overview with changed files

>     We create a comment on the pull request including a link to the preview of the documentation,
>     and a list of the files that changed in the pull request.

Reviewer: I have a customer asking about what version were we comparing against and if they can change that. I think it's important to make this clear here.

Also, we don't the files changed in the PR, but between the rendered versions.

```suggestion
    We create a comment on the pull request including a link to the preview of the documentation,
    and a list of the files that changed between the base version (``latest`` by default) and the version from the pull request.
```
